[Music]
good morning sleepyhead
so after snoozing my alarm probably way
too many times I try to get out of bed
at least an hour before my first class
so that I can have enough time to do my
full morning routine and the first thing
I do is open my blinds because gotta get
that sunlight I try to not use my phone
first thing when I wake up so I
definitely don't use it in bed but when
I'm fully awake I will go and check my
sleep tracker app just to see how much
sleep I got the night before just a
track how well I'm doing with sleep
because that's something I'm trying to
get better at and then I always check
the weather app to decide what to wear
and whether I need to bring an umbrella
or something because I'm away from my
dorm for the entire day most days and
then of course as you guys know I always
make my bed and I pretty much do this
every day without fail I think without
fail this semester and then I head to
the bathroom to get started on my
skincare routine and I have a bamboo
toothbrush because while I'm not perfect
in my sustainability efforts I really do
try to incorporate the small things that
make a difference and then I go ahead
and get started on my skincare routine
and when cleansing my face I've started
using four iou's luna mini 2 which is a
facial cleansing system that I've seen
all the time in Sephora and I finally
decided to try it out and they're
actually partnering with me on today's
video so the luna mini 2 uses t-sonic
pulsations which remove like 99% of dirt
oil and leftover makeup from my face so
I just wet the brush add my cleanser and
then glide it over my face in circular
motion and it does the work for me and
it has a timer as well so I know when
it's done and I really noticed a
difference compared to just using my
hands as my skin feels so much more
smooth after and I find that my skin
care products absorb much better plus
it's waterproof so I can also take it in
the shower and one charge lasts for up
to 300 uses so it basically never runs
out of battery
it's super compact as well so if it's
nicely in my shower caddy so I can use
it again tonight and then I always set
aside ten minutes for meditating and
some mornings I definitely don't get to
this if I'm in a rush or I oversleep but
most days I really try to prioritize it
and I use the app headspace because I
really like their pre programs and you
can see that I'm doing one based on
stress because I've been feeling really
stressed the semester just with a lot of
responsibilities
managing school and YouTube and
everything and I find that meditating in
the morning puts me in a good mindset
for the rest of the day and helps me
cope with stress a lot better and then I
go ahead and dive into the rest of my
skincare routine so first I'll do my
toner which is the Wonder pore toner
from the brand etude house in Korea
and then I'll go in with my glow recipe
watermelon hydrating moisturizer which I
love and it's like super lightweight and
smells really good and then I'll go in
with my son prize mild and airy
sunscreen which is also a Korean brand
and I really like it because it is a
really non oily sunscreen and it helps
set your makeup and then most mornings I
usually don't have time to do this but I
try to do it as much as possible which
is facial rolling using my rose quartz
facial roller from herbivore and shout
out to the skinny confidential Lauren
Everett's for introducing me to facial
rolling in Gua Sha and lymphatic
drainage massage and I find that doing
it in the morning helps t puff my face
and just get everything working and
moving and helps actually eliminate
toxins from the face and then after
skincare is done I will pick out my
outfit according to the weather of the
day so today I just did a sweater in the
skirt and then speaking of the skinny
confidential I always put on a podcast
when I'm doing my makeup and getting
ready so today I'm putting on Miss
skinny confidential episode with Mark
Manson because I've been reading his
book I absolutely love their podcast my
goal is to be on it someday and then I
always put on a spritz of perfume
because I love to smell nice during the
day
and then while I'm listening to the
podcast I'll go ahead and get started on
my makeup and my makeup normally takes
me around 10 to 20 minutes in the
morning kind of depending on how much
effort I want to put in on any given day
normally I just like to wear makeup
because it makes me feel good and
clicked together and I just put on
enough to feel presentable and ready to
tackle the day if you guys want me to do
a full everyday makeup routine please
drop requests in the comments below and
I will be sure to make that video and
then I just take out my braids from the
night before when I showered and then
put my hair in a braid to help the curls
stay intact and I always put it in a
braid each night and then just shake it
out in the morning and then at this
point I'm pretty much ready for the day
and I just make sure I have everything
so I put in my laptop any books or
supplies I need for class my keys very
important don't want to get locked out
and then I grab my bag my phone my ear
pods and I check the shuttle tracker app
because I want to make sure I don't miss
the next shuttle so that I can get to
class on time because I live a little
bit further away from where my classes
are and then I just get my boots on
survey my room for anything last-minute
grab my bag and head out the door
and my roommate and I are lazy and we
haven't managed to buy a full-length
mirror for our room so I just use the
one outside to check my outfit and then
I head off to class so thank you guys so
much for watching this and I'll see you
in the next video
love you all